INSTRUCTORS:
Maria Gracia - 2 - google
George Clark - 2 - google 
Samuel Taylor - 3 - microsoft
Patrick Blatchford - 3 - AWS
Billie Anderson - 3 - SAS
James Smith - 2 - IBM

STUDENTS:
John Doe
Alisa Brown
June Miller
San Tan
Joseph Jones
Rachel Barbara
Lucas White
Adhnan Manzis
Moin Manzoor
Adithi Mahesh

GOOGLE:

Courses--
Google IT Support
This 5-course certificate, developed by Google, includes innovative curriculum designed to prepare you for an entry-level role in IT support.

Google IT Automation with Python
This 6-course certificate, developed by Google, is designed to provide IT professionals with in-demand skills — including Python, Git, and IT automation.

Cloud Architecture with Google Cloud Professional Certificate
This program provides the skills you need as a professional cloud architect and supports your preparation for the industry-recognized Cloud Architect.

Security in Google Cloud Platform Specialization 
Participants learn mitigations for attacks at many points in a Google Cloud-based infrastructure, including Distributed Denial-of-Service attacks, phishing attacks, and many more.

Instructor--
Maria Gracia
Senior Professor
Female
08.04.1965
maria@launched.com
password
Maria has more than 17 years of professional experience delivering Google products for training partners. She became a Certified Technical Instructor in 1992.Now she is teaching students online through our LaunchED platform. 

George Clark
Other
07.03.1962
george@launched.com
password
Maria has more than 20 years of professional experience delivering Google products for training partners. She became a Certified Technical Instructor in 1989.Now they are teaching students online through our LaunchED platform.

MICROSOFT:

Courses--
Microsoft Certified: Azure for SAP Workloads Special
This course teaches SAP system landscape and industry standards that are specific to the initial migration or integration and the long-term operation of an SAP solution on Microsoft Azure.

Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
This certification is intended for candidates who are just beginning to work with cloud-based solutions and services or are new to Azure.

Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Associate
This course teaches security controls and threat protection, managing identity and access, and protecting data, applications, and networks in cloud and hybrid environments.

Instructor--
Samuel Taylor
Research Assistant
Other
23.07.1987
samuel@launched.com
password
Samuel has more than 14 years of professional experience delivering Microsoft products for training partners. They became a Certified Instructor in 2007.Now they are teaching students online through our LaunchED platform.

AMAZON WEB SERVICES:

Courses--
AWS Fundamentals 
This specialization gives current or aspiring IT professionals an overview of the features, benefits, and capabilities of Amazon Web Services (AWS). 

Getting Started with AWS Machine Learning
This course will teach you how to get started with AWS Machine Learning. Key topics include: Machine Learning on AWS, Computer Vision on AWS, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) on AWS.

AWS Computer Vision: Getting Started with GluonCV
This course provides an overview of Computer Vision (CV), Machine Learning (ML) with Amazon Web Services (AWS), and how to build and train a CV model using the Apache MXNet and GluonCV toolkit.

Instructor--
Patrick Blacthford
Assistant Professor
Male
14.09.1980
patrick@launched.com
password
Patrick has more than 8 years of professional experience delivering Google products for training partners. She became a Certified Technical Instructor in 2010.Now he is teaching students online through our LaunchED platform..


SAS:

Courses--
SAS Programmer Professional Certificate
This course teaches you skills in manipulating and transforming data, combining SAS data sets, creating basic detail and summary reports using SAS procedures and lot more.

Statistic with SAS
This introductory course is for SAS software users who perform statistical analyses using SAS/STAT software. The focus is on t tests, ANOVA, and linear regression.

SAS Visual Business Analytics Professional Certificate
Using SAS Visual Analytics, you will learn to access and manipulate data, and design and share dashboards to visualize your data.

Instructor--
Billie Anderson
Senior Professor
Female
15.11.1972
billie@launched.com
password
Billie worked at SAS in R&D for 7 years from 2000-2007.She currently develops programs to teach SAS courses to students and has authored books on SAS.Now she is teaching students online through our LaunchED platform.


IBM:

Courses--
IBM AI Foundations for Business 
This specialization will explain and describe the overall focus areas for business leaders considering AI-based solutions for business challenges. 

IBM Data Science Professional Certificate
This Professional Certificate from IBM will help anyone interested in pursuing a career in data science or machine learning develop career-relevant skills and experience.

Instructor--
James Smith
Senior Professor
Male
01.01.1954
james@launched.com
password
James Smith is a Technical Instructor for IBM since 1985. He has taught more than 500 classes in Canada, USA, England and the Netherlands. Now he is teaching students online through our LaunchED platform. 


CISCO:

Courses--

Instructor--